well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
doing stuff the way we've always done it
we're going to talk about the nypd we're
going to talk about the sergeants
benevolent association
and we're going to talk about that giant
mess up there
if you don't know
an officer up there was suspended
because they blasted trump 2020
out of their squad car
i mean yeah that kind of seems
appropriate
you know generally speaking it is kind
of expected that law enforcement remain
apolitical especially
when using taxpayer vehicles
however the sergeants benevolent
association up there had
a different idea they referred to the
suspension as unnecessary and way
over the top
go figure they don't want their officers
held accountable
they also went on to say that nypd has a
history of officers making political and
outside of the norm
statements and ignoring it okay let's
assume that's true
that's wrong that needs to change
just because something has always been
done that way is not a justification to
continue
doing it
this is a hotly contested
election that's really well known y'all
got a memo about it recently
it would probably not do well for the
nypd to become a partisan organization
they went on to take
members of nypd's administration to task
because they took a knee with
demonstrators out there about floyd
and that they obviously weren't
remaining a political
so to be clear the sba up there believes
that uh
endorsing a political candidate in a
taxpayer-funded vehicle
somehow equates to taking a knee
with the floyd demonstrators
i would suggest that and i'm going to
use their terminology not the
terminology i would like to use
i would suggest an in-custody death
is not a political matter it's a moral
one
it's one of bad standards and bad
training
maybe just because you've always done it
that way
i would further suggest that the sba
should endorse the idea
that all in-custody deaths are bad
even if you've always done it that way
i would point out that these are the
same folks that always wonder why
why is donald trump seen as a racist
maybe it's because his allies
constantly cast him as the opposition to
a movement that says
black people have value there's really
no other way to read that
he's seen as a racist because his allies
constantly paint him as a racist
probably because a lot of them are
racists
i would point out that uh
casting that as a political issue feeds
into the idea
that black people aren't people that
they're just a hashtag
their score because you've always done
it that way
i would further point out that i'm down
here in the old south
in the deep south even down here
deputies and sheriffs took a knee
because it's not a political issue
almost all of them are trump supporters
but they took a knee
because it was wrong and i'm gonna take
a line from trey crowder here
when you got sheriffs and deputies in
the old south telling you to ease up on
the black folk
you got a problem
the sba is part of the problem in
in nypd they're part of that
institutional memory
that influences officers and gets them
to continue
things that aren't best practice just
because they've always been done that
way
upholds all of the problems that exist
in modern law enforcement
because they're reluctant to change
even when it results in something that
is inarguably
a bad thing
the administration up there isn't the
issue
it's the cops who don't want to
get better the nypd is very fond of
saying
they are the best law enforcement agency
in the world they are the finest
then perhaps they should be leading the
charge to advance
and get better instead of holding it
back and acting like an anchor
on reforms that need to happen
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day